Creating an issue template for icon submissions and updating contribution guidelines (#367)
primer/octicons: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54012/37803059-3ca54432-2dea-11e8-8c27-36c83a2dc5cb.gif" width="400"/>](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54012/37803059-3ca54432-2dea-11e8-8c27-36c83a2dc5cb.gif)

### Step 4, Create a new icon submission issue

Create a new issue using the [Octicon submission](https://github.com/primer/octicons/issues/new?template=octicon-submission.md) template. Fill out the issue with screenshots of the icon(s), a link to the figma document, and remaining information.

The design systems team will review the submission and request any changes. If approved, your icon will be added to the next octicons release.

---

## Maintainers accepting changes

Once submitted changes have been agreed upon, these instructions will guide core primer team members in merging in those changes.

> ## Adding the icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding the icon
```

> ### 1. Paste into master figma file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Paste into master figma file
```

If the icon is being updated, you'll need to keep the existing component and copy the new path into it.

> ### 2. Join any separate paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. Join any separate paths
```

Any separate shapes under the icon component need to be unioned into one path. This is for performance when serving the icons.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54012/72647901-7c9a7e80-392e-11ea-9e9b-08c4b8e1af0c.png)

> ### 3. Create and/or publish the icon as a figma component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3. Create component of icon (if not already a component)
```

> Make sure you publish the icon changes to the figma component library. https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038665934

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the icon is not already a component you must [create a new component](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038665934). To do so, click the `Create Component` button in the top toolbar inside of Figma to add the icon as a component of the Octicons library. 

If the icon is already a component, make sure you are updating the contents of the related component.
```

> ### 4. Add keywords to the icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 4. Add keywords to the icon
```

Each icon needs keywords to help build out the icon search. Add `keywords: foo, bar` to the "Component" section in the figma toolbar.

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54012/72647771-26c5d680-392e-11ea-9167-462d5bb27936.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54012/72647771-26c5d680-392e-11ea-9167-462d5bb27936.png)

#### 5. Publish changes in Figma

Once all of the changes have been made to the Octicons file, be sure to [publish the changes](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038682574-Publish-Changes-to-a-Team-Library) to the component library.
<img width="449" alt="Screenshot 2020-01-17 14 43 01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10384315/72651266-b4f28a80-3937-11ea-92db-ae51eb99c68e.png">
```
